DOCS-4018: Add comprehensive table of supported platforms for cloud-build (#4336)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/get-started/other-hardware/manage-modules.md

<!-- { {< tabs >}}
{ {% tab name="Single Build File" %}} -->

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="5-9"}
{
  "module_id": "example-module",
  ...
  "build": {
    "setup": "./setup.sh", // optional - command for one-time setup
    "build": "./build.sh", // command that will build your module's tarball
    "path" : "dist/archive.tar.gz", // optional - path to your built module tarball
    "arch" : ["linux/amd64", "linux/arm64", "darwin/arm64"], // architecture(s) to build for
    "darwin_deps" : ["go", "x264", "nlopt-static"] // optional - Homebrew dependencies for Darwin builds. Explicitly pass `[]` for empty.
  }
}
```

{{% expand "Cloud build configuration attributes" %}}

<!-- prettier-ignore -->

> | Attribute | Inclusion | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attribute | Inclusion | Description |
| --------- | --------- | ----------- |
```

    "path" : "dist/archive.tar.gz", // optional - path to your built module tarball
    "arch" : ["linux/amd64", "linux/arm64", "darwin/arm64"], // architecture(s) to build for
    "darwin_deps" : ["go", "x264", "nlopt-static"] // optional - Homebrew dependencies for Darwin builds. Explicitly pass `[]` for empty. Default : ["go", "pkg-config", "nlopt-static", "x264", "jpeg-turbo", "ffmpeg"].
  }
}
```

{{% expand "Cloud build configuration attributes" %}}

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Attribute | Inclusion | Description |
| `"setup"` | Optional | Command to run for setting up the build environment. |
| `"build"` | **Required** | Command to run to build the module tarball. |
| `"path"` | Optional | Path to the build module tarball. |
| `"arch"` | **Required** | Array of architectures to build for. Options: `"any"`, `"linux/any"`, `"darwin/any"`, `"any/amd64"`, `"any/arm64"`, `"any/arm32v6"`, `"any/arm32v7"`, `"linux/amd64"`, `"linux/arm64"`, `"linux/arm32v6"`, `"linux/arm32v7"`, `"darwin/amd64"`, `"darwin/arm64"`, `"windows/amd64"`. For more information see [Supported platforms for automatic updates](#supported-platforms-for-automatic-updates). |
| `"darwin_deps"` | Optional | TODO |

> 
> 
> {{% /expand%}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{% /expand %}}
```

   Once the build is complete, the module will automatically update in the [Viam Registry](https://app.viam.com/registry), and the machines set to use the latest [version](/operate/reference/module-configuration/#module-versioning) of the module will automatically update to the new version.

> ## Supported platforms for cloud-build

Reviewer: https://deploy-preview-4336--viam-docs.netlify.app/operate/get-started/other-hardware/manage-modules/#supported-platforms-for-cloud-build

When using cloud-build, you can specify which platforms you want to build your module for in the `arch` field of your `meta.json` file. The following table lists all available platforms:

| Platform | Recommended | Supported in Cloud Build | Container Used by Cloud Build | Notes |
|----------|-------------|--------------------------|------------------------------|-------|
| `linux/amd64` | ✅ | ✅ | Ubuntu | Standard x86_64 Linux platform |
| `linux/arm64` | ✅ | ✅ | Ubuntu | For ARM64 Linux devices like Raspberry Pi 4 |
| `darwin/arm64` | ✅ | ✅ | macOS | For Apple Silicon Macs (M1/M2/M3) |

> | `linux/arm32v6` | ✅ | ❌ | N/A | For older ARM devices; must be built manually |

Reviewer 2: What does the "Recommended" column imply? My impression is they stopped making armv6 devices in 2005ish; does anyone still have these any more? Why are they recommended?

Reviewer: I think it implies whether we are committed to supporting it

| `linux/arm32v7` | ✅ | ❌ | N/A | For 32-bit ARM devices; must be built manually |

> | `windows/amd64` | ⚠️ | ❌ | N/A | Works for pure Go modules, but may have issues with C++ or modules using C libraries |

Reviewer 2: It's ambiguous what this works for in the note.

I believe what you've written is that cloud builds work for Go modules but have issues linking to C libraries. Windows modules as a whole work for Go modules, and if you wait until the next C++ SDK release, they'll work for C++ too. and if you wait until about 2 weeks from now, the Python SDK should work on Windows also, but that needs more changes from the SDK team. That's part of why this hasn't been documented yet: things are still in flux.

Reviewer 3: For windows/amd64 I suggest:
Recommended: ✅
Supported in cloud build: ⚠️

With the caveat that windows support is still in development (and also the C caveats)

The CLI generator will now generate new modules to build on the 4 recommended platforms by default (darwin-arm64, linux-arm64, linux-amd64, and windows-amd64) so it will be good for docs to match. Happening in tuesday's RDK release.

This mainly came out of a meeting where we agreed that starting now we should encourage modules to be written in Windows and make that the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `windows/amd64` | ✅ | ⚠️ | N/A | <ul><li>Cloud builds work for Go modules but have issues linking to C libraries</li><li>Windows support is still in development</li></ul> |
```

> | `darwin/amd64` | ❌ | ❌ | N/A | Intel Macs; not recommended as this platform is being phased out |

Reviewer 2: What about [all the other platforms Michael linked to](https://github.com/viamrobotics/app/blob/main/data/registry_item.go#L419-L444)? It's not obvious to me how you chose which ones are mentioned here. If it's just the popular ones, I'd remove darwin/amd64 and maybe add something about Android. If it's just the well-supported ones, I'd remove darwin/amd64 and windows/amd64.

Reviewer 3: I think we don't need to include android in this table for now. We started building it for one customer but then stopped. Not sure if its fully supported and also being maintained.

Reviewer 3: A separate PR could be done to address documenting `any` and explain how that works. Otherwise I think the table includes the full list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `darwin/amd64` | ❌ | ❌ | N/A | Intel Macs; not recommended as Apple is phasing this platform out |
```

> | `darwin/amd64` | ❌ | ❌ | N/A | Intel Macs; not recommended as this platform is being phased out |

Reviewer 4: Passive voice and feels a bit informal?

   Once the build is complete, the module will automatically update in the [Viam Registry](https://app.viam.com/registry), and the machines set to use the latest [version](/operate/reference/module-configuration/#module-versioning) of the module will automatically update to the new version.

#### Supported platforms for automatic updates

When using cloud build, you can specify which platforms you want to build your module for in the `arch` field of your `meta.json` file.
The following table lists all available platforms:

> | Platform | Recommended | Supported in cloud build | Container used by cloud build | Notes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Platform | Recommended | Supported in cloud build | Container used by cloud build | Notes |
```

#### Supported platforms for automatic updates

When using cloud build, you can specify which platforms you want to build your module for in the `arch` field of your `meta.json` file.
The following table lists all available platforms:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Platform | Recommended | Supported in cloud build | Container used by cloud build | Notes |
|----------|-------------|--------------------------|------------------------------|-------|
| `linux/amd64` | ✅ | ✅ | Ubuntu | Standard x86_64 Linux platform, |
| `linux/arm64` | ✅ | ✅ | Ubuntu | For ARM64 Linux devices like Raspberry Pi 4, |
| `darwin/arm64` | ✅ | ✅ | macOS | For Apple Silicon Macs (M1/M2/M3). |
| `linux/arm32v6` | ✅ | ❌ | N/A | For older ARM devices; must be built manually. |
| `linux/arm32v7` | ✅ | ❌ | N/A | For 32-bit ARM devices; must be built manually. |
| `windows/amd64` | ✅ | ⚠️ | N/A | <ul><li>Cloud builds work for Go modules but have issues. linking to C libraries.</li><li>Windows support is still in development.</li></ul> |
| `darwin/amd64` | ❌ | ❌ | N/A | Intel Macs; not recommended as Apple is phasing this platform out |

{{% alert title="Note" color="note" %}}

> While the registry supports additional platforms like `windows/amd64`, `linux/arm32v6`, and `linux/arm32v7`, these are not currently supported by cloud-build and must be built manually using `viam module upload` if needed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While the registry supports additional platforms like `windows/amd64`, `linux/arm32v6`, and `linux/arm32v7`, these are not currently supported by cloud build and must be [built and uploaded manually](#update-manually).
```
Don't want to imply that `viam module upload` builds anything
Also consistency nit

1. Select the new organization from the dropdown menu, then click **Transfer module**.

1. (Recommended) Transfer the GitHub repository containing the module code to the new owner.

>    Be sure to remove the existing secrets from the repository's settings before transferring.

Reviewer 2: :+1: Thanks for this! I do like using ASCII instead of weird punctuation I can't type with my keyboard.
